Minor docs cleanup and homogenization. (#2723)
chef/chef-server: docs-chef-io/content/server/upgrades.md

### External PostgreSQL

> External PostgreSQL instructions are provided as a courtesy only.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: See the [PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/) for more information.

Author: Yup.  I had previously thought that external postgresql people were 'on their own' so I didn't want us to assume any liability.  Ran it by someone else and that wasn't their impression.

   After performing the stepped upgrade, return here and continue with the next step below.

> 1. Download the desired Chef Infra Server version from the [Chef Infra Server Downloads](https://downloads.chef.io/products/chef-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Download](https://downloads.chef.io/tools/infra-server) the desired version of Chef Infra Server.
```

1. Stop the Chef Infra Server:

   ```bash
   chef-server-ctl stop || chef-server-ctl kill rabbitmq
   ```

1. Install the Chef Infra Server package:

   To install with `dpkg`:

   ```bash
   dpkg -iEG /path/to/chef-server-core-VERSION.deb
   ```

   To install with the RPM Package Manager:

   ```bash
   rpm -Uvh --nopostun --force /path/to/chef-server-core-VERSION.rpm
   ```

> 1. Upgrade the server and accept the Chef Software license by entering `Yes` at the prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade Chef Infra Server and accept the Chef Software license by entering `Yes` at the prompt:
```

   ```bash
   chef-server-ctl upgrade
   ```

   To accept the license and upgrade in one command:

   ```bash
   CHEF_LICENSE='accept' chef-server-ctl upgrade

>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
   ```
````

Author: Good eyes.  Caught another one also.

   sudo systemctl start postgresql.service
   ```

> 1. Log in as the postgres user and confirm that the new PostgreSQL version is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in as the Postgres user and confirm that the new PostgreSQL version is correct.
```

Reviewer 2: "Customarily, this user will be named postgres" from https://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.0/user-manag.html

I think we want:

```
Log in as the `postgres` user and confirm that the new PostgreSQL version is correct.
```

Author: Whoops, good catch.

Author: Caught another one also.
